## Meeting minutes - fourth iteration

### 31.03.2020
**Meeting notes:**
Prepared mentally for the last iteration. Discussed and got an overview of which requirements we consider as MVP which we have left to complete. Filled up the project board with these requirements to create a good overview for everyone. Wrote user stories and corresponding tasks and test requirements. 

**Attendance:** Everyone

### 02.03.2020
**Meeting notes:** Distributed tasks and reminded everyone to assign themselves or others to issues they work on or plan to work on. Discussed our requirements and user stories one more time. 

**Attendance:** Everyone

### 07.04.2020
**Meeting notes:** A quick meeting today to catch up and wish everyone a happy easter. Next meeting Tuesday 14.04.

**Attendance:** Everyone 

### 14.04.2020
**Agenda:** 
* Decide on presentation date

**Meeting notes:**
Decided on the presentation date and time, then some of us tried to play multiplayer using Hamachi. We also came up with more tasks that we need to complete and updated the project board. 

**Attendance:** Everyone 

### 16.04.2020
**Meeting notes:**
Went through our requirements once more and discussed possible solutions. Updated some of our user stories. Also talked about some bugs we have and how to fix them and more on layout and UI (one of those things was that we need to show phase number). 

**Attendance:** Everyone 

### 21.04.2020
**Meeting notes:** Ended up with a short meeting today.

**Attendance:** Everyone

### 23.04.2020
**Meeting notes:**
Discussed some different pull requests, but this meeting also ended up as a short meeting since people worked on compulsory assignments in other subjects.

Attendance: Everyone

### 28.04.2020
**Agenda:**
* Prepare presentation

**Meeting notes:**
Discussed and reflect on the questions for the presentation on monday. We also talked about which requirements/tasks we have left since the deadline is approaching. Agreed on a meeting on sunday to prepare for the presentation on for the multiplayer to go smooth. 

**Attendance:** Everyone except John Isak.

### 21.04.2020
**Agenda:**
* Go over the presentation
* Play RoboRally

**Meeting notes:** 
Started the meeting by going through the powerpoint presentation for monday and see that everyone is happy with it. After that we all played the game using Hamachi. Talked about how we would solve the victory screen and the order of the robots when playing. We also fixed the To doâ€™s we have in Intellij.

**Attendance:** Everyone 

### 03.05.2020
**Meeting notes:**
This was not a traditional meeting, but a preparation meeting before the presentation tomorrow. 

**Attendance:** Everyone

### 06.05.2020
**Agenda:**
* User stories
* Retrospective

**Meeting notes:**
Decided on which requirements and user stories we managed to complete in this last iteration. During the presentations Siv mentioned that the flags also works the same way as the repair tiles, which we weren't aware of, this is something we will prioritize to fix. We went through a list of things we have left to do. As an example the order of the robots, which now makes the game a bit unfair. We also have some bugs that we need to fix.

**Attendance:** Everyone 

### 07.05.2020

**Meeting notes:**
Went through our complete list of user stories one last time. Played the game a couple of times and fixed some of the bugs that came up through the game. Decided to meet one quick last time before the submission tomorrow.

**Attendance:** Everyone

### 08.05.2020

**Meeting notes:**
Last meeting. Played the game a couple of times and fixed some bugs. Went through all our code in IntelliJ and removed unused code, then reformatted all of the code.

**Attendance:** Everyone
